the road to the future is no return
to the future but we are in the area
industrial
obviously you recognized it I 'm in
marco company and I'm on board a
a new new proposal also a new one
therefore brand all new also
filming ag and moving
what are we talking about marco ciao today
mahindra mahindra we pay you so
then of the last few times we have
talked about dacia duster
today we talk about maìna but it is a brand
Indian to us we are dealers from
a few years this brand is produced
Indian mahindra and a very large group
industrial that is interested not only in
cars but of many other products
aeronautical chemicals is a
talent is a very very group
very big
collaborates with internationally
with many countries and in Italy
about 30 cars is
offering
of the products particularly
interesting above all relatively
to 4x4 pick-up cab single light
double cabin in front-wheel drive e
4x4 traction and today we present the suv
500 that this enzo on which it moves
let's see the agents this little one
overview is a high level suv either
as size is a 7 seater and news
an important 2200 diesel common rail from
140 horses
generous is an engine is produced in
austria alchemy a company that
produces diesel engines designed in
collaboration with bosch massimo
reliability
in this case, 4x4 integral automatic
but if you want you can have the same one
car with
the front faction first without having
as 4
we are cheaper
so the choice is enough
quite a lot price quality ratio
good but does not renounce quality with
the already to excellent materials to don
high technology but above all a
Italian market tries to enter
especially focusing also on appearance
economic also given the situation
current and therefore able to offer this
product
considering all the features i
material content
comfort and technology security has a
really competitive price we are
under 30,000 euros to receive one
car like this that offers everything
more from the inside in leather all the
even security systems
start uphill assistance at
particularly steep descent
naturally abs how much discs is
aspiring barriers against m morning
so everything is really 100 and up
a product where practically the only one
optional that goes to add
possibly the third is the paint
metallic that the rest of the car
it is supplied practically with air
complete lines also media artist
we have a navigation system
the hi fi system of the highest level
so during that nothing is missing
here there is an airplane type console you tip
of design
then very appealing is not
interesting I talked about euros but
actually then the dashboard there is a
bit the almost no form of reactor to whom
materials to these pectoral effects that
then has lighting chrome also
enough details certainly where
really a very fascinating product
pleasant to drive is a change
mechanical six reports
on the steering wheel as 2200 diesel performance
common rail of 140 horses then of
all respect nothing fears nothing from
envy others on present items
on the market
the line ae the line also quite
particular in the sense that we will discover it
here maybe later when we see it too
the guide also seems to me quite high
there is a view I would say excellent because
we are really very very high
so we have the feeling of
total remarkable security yes yes yes also
the very silent engine but that is a
2200 diesel on the other hand dimensions
of the car to the weight of the car
we needed a motor enough
important rather generous though
I repeat it is combined all in all to gods
acceptable consumption we are on the order
of the seven liters for seven laws of
diesel fuel per 100 km of travel for a
I would only say of these characteristics
it is an enviable I do not tell you if it is there
are parking intentions for those
eating is not yes because the level like
first we said the car really
one hundred percent complete so
all that is possible today
let's say this segment must have
because rightly but when you go under
on certain my segments
cars and it becomes important
have all that is possible
look where we are now not
you say yes I can known by passing
in front of the house
listen but mahindra regarding
a warranty talk if I don't know
because it is guaranteed 5 to 5 years
even five years with the solo
But of course, the shirt always
because rightly wants to enter on
our market in an important way but
especially like others, perhaps
offering something more has decided
to offer these 5 year warranty that
i'm not little he does n't make a suv with some
features in a certain level
he rightly made this choice
optimal we can rest assured no 4
I would say 5 years of guarantee
let's face no surprise well
well then we are almost there and
we are returning
if you have a moment if we want to see them
externally as no then no
rendezvous outside of mahindra
a shortly for now thanks to marco
let's see out and greet everyone at
next meeting at the next hello